api-docs/getting-started.md, before:

# Getting Started

M-RETS API provides many tools and resources that enable you to complete many tasks on the tracking system platform.

This page describes what’s possible to build with the different tools and APIs that are available on the platform, and how to get the access and information that you need to get started.

We regularly update and improve the experience and resources available in the API docs. These improvements make it important for you to stay informed so you don’t miss any updates. Sign-up for our newsletter [here]().

## What can be done with the M-RETS API?

The M-RETS API provides nearly all of the functionality available through the platform's user interfact. This includes:

* Retrieving your full inventory of active and retired RECs
* Creating and updating generators
* Submitting generation data and issuing RECs
* Completing and internal, external, export transaction
* Retiring certificates for voluntary or compliance purposes
* Participaing in a program

## What is required to use the M-RETS API?

M-RETs requires that all API users be part of a registered organization with a General Account subscription in good standing.

## How to get started

1. Request API activation on your organization and access to the M-RETS sandbox by sending a message to systemadmin@mrets.org.
2. Generate new API keys and user’s access tokens.
3. Find the documentation, libraries, code examples, and other resources that you need to make your first successful request.

## Resources

### Swagger Docs

Swagger Docs are available for all M-RETS API endpoints.

### Postman Files

Select Postman files can be downloaded from Github for many API endpoints.

### Data Dictionaries

Our data dictionaries can be found embedded in the documentation for our individual endpoints or can be downloaded as part of the M-RETS Operating Procedures.

### Newletter

Subscribe to our API newsletter for updates on the latest developments related to our API.

### Slack Support Channel

Request single channel access to the M-RETS Slack API Support channel by contacting systemadmin@mrets.org.

Commit message:

Add endpoint examples and links to swagger and Postman files

api-docs/getting-started.md, after:

# Getting Started

M-RETS API provides many tools and resources that enable you to complete many tasks on the tracking system platform.

This page describes what’s possible to build with the different tools and APIs that are available on the platform, and how to get the access and information that you need to get started.

We regularly update and improve the experience and resources available in the API docs. These improvements make it important for you to stay informed so you don’t miss any updates. Sign-up for our newsletter [here]().

## What can be done with the M-RETS API?

The M-RETS API provides nearly all of the functionality available through the platform's user interfact. This includes:

* Retrieving your full inventory of active and retired RECs
* Creating and updating generators
* Submitting generation data and issuing RECs
* Completing and internal, external, export transaction
* Retiring certificates for voluntary or compliance purposes
* Participaing in a program

## What is required to use the M-RETS API?

M-RETs requires that all API users be part of a registered organization with a General Account subscription in good standing.

## How to get started

1. Request API activation on your organization and access to the M-RETS sandbox by sending a message to [systemadmin@mrets.org](mailto:systemadmin@mrets.org).
2. Generate new API keys and user’s access tokens.
3. Find the documentation, libraries, code examples, and other resources that you need to make your first successful request.

## Resources

### Swagger Docs

Swagger Docs are available for all M-RETS API endpoints.

[Swagger 2.0](http://localhost:3000/apipie.json?type=swagger)

### Postman Files

Select Postman files can be downloaded for many API endpoints.

To use thise Postman collections, the `API_TOKEN` enviroment variable should be set to your sandbox api token.

[Accounts](https://m-rets-sandbox.herokuapp.com/Accounts.postman_collection.json)
[Certificate Quantities](https://m-rets-sandbox.herokuapp.com/Certificate-Quantities.postman_collection.json)
[Fuel Sources](https://m-rets-sandbox.herokuapp.com/Fuel-Sources.postman_collection.json)
[Generation Entry](https://m-rets-sandbox.herokuapp.com/Generation-Entry.postman_collection.json)
[Generator Fuel](https://m-rets-sandbox.herokuapp.com/Generator-Fuel.postman_collection.json)
[Generators](https://m-rets-sandbox.herokuapp.com/Generators.postman_collection.json)
[Organizations](https://m-rets-sandbox.herokuapp.com/Organizations.postman_collection.json)
[Recurring Transfer](https://m-rets-sandbox.herokuapp.com/Recurring-Transfer.postman_collection.json)
[Retirement Option](https://m-rets-sandbox.herokuapp.com/Retirement-Option.postman_collection.json)
[Transaction Details](https://m-rets-sandbox.herokuapp.com/Transaction-Details.postman_collection.json)
[User Transactions](https://m-rets-sandbox.herokuapp.com/User-Transactions.postman_collection.json)

### Data Dictionaries

Our data dictionaries can be found embedded in the documentation for our individual endpoints or can be downloaded as part of the M-RETS Operating Procedures.

### Newletter

Subscribe to our API newsletter for updates on the latest developments related to our API.

### Slack Support Channel

Request single channel access to the M-RETS Slack API Support channel by contacting [systemadmin@mrets.org](mailto:systemadmin@mrets.org).
